Evergreen, am I right?
I have more secrets
Do you want me to be in front of everyone?
Say it all?
Enough details that only couples know
Are you really the one who came back to life?
How is that possible?
You can't come back from the dead.
Mangkou Huzou
Believe it or not, I took you three old things
Drive out our temporary consortium
Since I, Lin Qianyu, am still alive
If you have no doubts about my identity
So you just
Said to use Evergreen as the head of the ceremony
Just care
How is this evergreen?
You seem a little reluctant.
I dare not. The Lin Consortium originally belonged to the Lin Mansion
I am meaningless
So nice
You have to remember
You are the leader of our Lin Mansion
If you can serve this lady well
The head of the Lin Mansion thought
I can keep you for two days
But if you let me know
You can't help yourself
If you don't keep your merit
Then don't blame Miss Ben
Okay, Miss Ben is fined
No delivery.
It's all gone
No, he definitely can't be zero thousand yuan
Even if it's really for the position of temporary head
He turned out to be a fake.
Birthmarks on the body
It's not a secret between husband and wife
This Lin mansion has served my servants who bathed and dressed
It's not impossible to see it by chance
That doesn't mean anything.
Chang Qing said there is a knife crack.
October 19, the third year of Haicheng Yuanqing
You meet me at the bookstore
If your life is just like the first time you see this book
The book accosted me
Yuanqing 4th March 15th
You show your heart to me
And send a pair of jadeite bracelets.
Dragon Boat Festival of the same year
You broke into the room late at night
Be with me